the gyro can experience let's take like
just one small example of like how my
belief system works about this there's
this one thing called the accumulation
mindset I call it I work online with
people on fat loss programs and when you
really look at their lifestyle their
into this accumulation mode of just
buying and amassing all the stuff I've
been in some people's homes where the
shelves are just littered with stuff
they never use or don't need you know
that they just have so much stuff the
attic is full of stuff the garage is
full stuff but they keep buying more and
more adding adding adding adding their
bodies reflect this type of belief
system and for sure they're adding more
cells under there's mulchand just
indulge it you know and then they find
themselves over eating eating more than
their fair share of the natural
resources of the universe taking more
end I mean it's just like this whole
belief system in accumulation like I
need to add I need to add it's all
subconscious of course no one goes into
it you know yeah how much do you sleep
maybe now that I'm doing all this crazy
stuff three hours through a lot yeah wow
what do you normally sleep if you were
nine hours if I'm lucky Wow four hours
maybe well you're juiced up on nicotine
all time no it has to do with I have to
work like you know like I have to do the
notes at night so that they can edit
during the day and then i go in at night
and then now like with all these like
with radio as you know like radio and on
something it's like there's a weird
schedule to all that and then doing
shows at night because i never stop
doing shows you know right of course but
i meant like when you're not doing this
you said five hours yeah five hours
maybe is that because you're all juiced
up with nicotine all the time I think
cuz I'm old my prostate tells me it's
time to get up take a leak really I've
hours and you're good if I'm lucky you
know get some pom pom juice have you
tried some of those pills that help what
is this dr. oz shit you uh it's like we
were just watching heavy metal and
there's like a caribou carcass here it's
like have you ever thought of like that
like it gives a shit it's more getting
old guys get used to it get used to it
Joe you're old enough to start now and
not have any probably any
problems from smoking you'll try it out
for a year you would never said anybody
who like was an athlete in their youth
or like stole is involved in athletics
like smoking is a no my cardio is very
important to me yeah yeah I understand
that no I've never fuck around with that
I'd get it I do love like you know
smokers do like I'm just talking about
like my dad and his friends like they
would have amazing like smoker
superpowers where it's like no they
couldn't do anything but like if there
was like something like you know hey I
need your help what happened my car fell
in a ditch and like they would just like
come out with the cigarette amount and
like lift up the cars like man that's so
cool you know there's a diaper that
they're selling now Tony I'm Tony
Siragusa throws a lot of times of menu
you fucking get a little drippage is a
tampon the we're at the front of your
diaper cuz you dickly manpon and they're
trying to sell it as like a normal thing
ya mean wants this guy with this swollen
inflated gut and filled with undigested
food and feces that has been pushed out
yet fat that permeates all the different
layers of his skin and she's not a
muscle left under there the muscles are
all gone I'm here to tell you that my
dick ain't broken I'm in Italian my
dicks leakin trust me just wear a tampon
keep eating them fucking meatball subs
the delicious Fergalicious over here
with these meatballs he got me pulls and
saw they got Monica they got good
English a pitch to get the good peppers
they put on the top gear sassages like
my mother bless her soul god bless her
she died of a heart attack at 51 she
weighed 300 pounds he's the guy driving
the truck the beep that McGee a fucking
guy got head at me I got my fucking
peppers gee I got my meatballs I know
when I walk my the fat on my feet spills
over the outside of my sneakers I like
how that looks I like a little waterfall
the end of my heel with my step down
just move over rolls over I look nice i
like to Waddle cuz my fuckin gun my gun
sticking out my legs can't stay sun like
the way the back of my head looks to
doha the hot dog roll look I look fat
sausages that are growing out of the
base of my skull just you looks like
makes you hungry for the fucking either
the fucking in the sky a nice sister
saazish yeah a nice for like a tiny look
at my face you see a wrinkle in my face
you see any spider marks by my eyes fuck
no because the flesh is pushing at
against the skin all the time it spoke
tight it makes me look young and vibrant
look at my chins tight all of them tight
tell him telling story about how how you
write your training with arlovski Oh
after after training where he's he goes
come here yeah yeah so uh Andrei
Arlovski and I used to train together
Jackson's camp and I was getting ready
for a fight this over shoot almost four
years ago the two fighters that I when I
first got in the game that I admired and
loved were Mirko Cro Cop and Andrei
Arlovski by two very favorites that's
who I wanted to be like so I walk in the
gym and it was our Las keys first day at
Jacksons to and you know when you seen a
guy in TV fighting all the time then he
run into me like damn all right so I see
him like oh shit that's under a lot ski
so that guy shop or last year in the
ring first day spine right fresh off the
plane I'm sparring with them so me and
him are going and it's it's a close
round he's a badass right here we're
going back and forth people would
literally stop and watch a spar were
just these dog grounds back and forth
five rounds in a row then later that
night we grapple and then the next
morning I I drink coffee every morning
right drink offering out this horrible
coffee breath breath smelt like your
coffee shit breath right I go up to
Andre and he's not very warm person at
all not at all is that very Belarus rush
in where it's gonna take a while to be
his friend I can tell I'm trying to
break these barriers man I know hey bro
I just won't let you know man i got that
coffee breath and yet he didn't say a
word to me the night before training us
it's okay it's okay much better than
yesterday yesterday shit i go what
because yesterday breath smells like
shit I oh cool man cool and then just
went about our business that was really
the only words he ever said to me man we
trained together for a while I wasn't
even like friendly what about when you
were kicking when you had you kick his
body yeah
out and then we get done train I've
never done this he goes up I'm trying to
do my best Russian accent you guys are
prayed my terrible rush max horrible
right well okay sorry i'm not from
Russia brings on the body he goes up he
was put your hands on top of your head
like this I'm like what are we doing and
we just got done sparring I'm exhausted
right I put my hands up and he just goes
brace yourself and starts wailing at my
body what's with kicks punches Whelan is
this this make you tough my okay I'm
like wow I'm trying to be tough though
cuz he's my hero my okay oh wow and then
he goes my turn you do it to me and I'm
like doing us no you hit like girl hit
and I'm fucking trying man trying to
hurt this guy nothing that was my
experience with Andrei Arlovski
you